docs: add Alpcot to `ADOPTERS.md` (#5622)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: ADOPTERS.md

| [PZU Group](https://www.pzu.pl) | @MichaluxPL | 2024-08-26 | PZU is one of the largest financial institutions in Poland and also the largest insurance company in Central and Eastern Europe. CloudNativePG is used as on-premise cloud solution/DBaaS to provide highly available PostgreSQL clusters.|
| [Telnyx](https://www.telnyx.com) | @aryklein | 2024-09-24 | Telnyx leverages PostgreSQL as its relational database for internal services, managing databases with high availability using CloudNativePG across multiple Kubernetes clusters in different sites, with distributed replica clusters to ensure data redundancy and resilience. |

> | [Alpcot](https://alpcot.se) | @svenakela | 2024-09-24 | Alpcot uses CloudNativePG for both public facing applications and internal applications, deployed in cloud and in-house Kubernetes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Alpcot](https://alpcot.se) | @svenakela | 2024-09-24 | Alpcot uses CloudNativePG for both public-facing and internal applications deployed in the cloud and in-house Kubernetes. |
```

> | [Alpcot](https://alpcot.se) | @svenakela | 2024-09-24 | Alpcot uses Cloud Native PG for both public facing applications and internal applications, deployed in cloud and in-house Kubernetes. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Alpcot](https://alpcot.se) | @svenakela | 2024-09-24 | Alpcot uses CloudNativePG for both public facing applications and internal applications, deployed in cloud and in-house Kubernetes. |
```
